Title: Stop paying the ego tax

Lede: I'd like to start by apologizing for writing a self-help book that won't help you directly. Learning not to overfeed your ego is no doubt the hardest thing to do. It's the work of more than one lifetime, and I mean that quite literally, as I'll explain later. When you first read this book, you'll quite likely even take a backwards step in that pursuit, as the natural tendency is to task your ego with fighting your ego, which can only end in failure.

But I hope that as you go on about your life, read other books, watch movies, talk with strangers and loved ones, you find yourself evolving naturally, but very slowly, towards a less ego-driven life, helped in some small manner by perspectives you'll come across here.

NOTES: More than one lifetime = many generations - we don't all start from the same point / Ego tax = the cost in each interaction of having to assuage your ego, or the other person's ego. This is probably the only tax you are allowed not to pay.

NOTES: Be aware of your ego. The tax is always lower if you know you're paying it than if you think you're not.

NOTES: Meeting example when explaining what the ego tax is. Meeting takes longer because people need to show they are important


Le livre du bonheur: Livre à écrire en collaboration - vision rationnelle - psychologique - spirituelle - ?

Secret du bonheur = Reconnaître la réalité - Accepter la réalité
Étrangement, quand on accepte la réalité, c'est parfois enfin possible de la changer


Title: The math nerd's guide to love and relationships / Improve your relationships with Bayesian statistics and quantum probabilities

Bayesian statistics: Every action has an unknown cause - update your priors with your obvservations but never try to reduce it to a single known quantity

Quantum probabilities: See everyone including yourself as a probability state - As in physics, you can only resolve it with an observation - obvservation = acting on the particle you are observing

Most important object of study is yourself - Make clear measurements, but be aware that the cause for the emotion (yourself) action (others) is only a working hypothesis that you improve with more precise observations. You are like a physicist at the start of science, with so many unkwnowns affecting your measurements. It's easy to ascribe a measurement to a known effect when in fact an unknown effect is the main cause

